MIT License

Copyright (c) 2007-2009, 2011, 2016, 2019, 2020, 2023-2024 Julien Ã‰LIE

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.



The source code and manually maintained data of the usenet-hierarchies package
are covered by the above copyright statement and license.

This license does not apply to external data processed by this package.
The list of newsgroups, PGP keys, the rules about the process of control
articles and the related logs come from <https://ftp.isc.org/usenet/CONFIG/>
and <https://ftp.isc.org/pub/pgpcontrol/>.  Those external data are compatible
with the above general license, and generated by the control-archive package
available at <https://github.com/rra/control-archive/>.

The favicon used by the web site is under the flaticon license, requiring
the following attribution: communication icons created by Vectors Market -
Flaticon <https://www.flaticon.com/free-icons/communication>.

For any copyright range specified by files in this package as "YYYY-ZZZZ", the
range specifies every single year in that closed interval.
